# Deploy a website

Deploy an R Markdown or quarto website to a server.

Supported servers: Posit Connect, Posit Connect Cloud and ShinyApps
servers

## Usage

``` r
deploySite(
  siteDir = getwd(),
  siteName = NULL,
  siteTitle = NULL,
  account = NULL,
  server = NULL,
  render = c("none", "local", "server"),
  launch.browser = getOption("rsconnect.launch.browser", interactive()),
  logLevel = c("normal", "quiet", "verbose"),
  lint = FALSE,
  metadata = list(),
  python = NULL,
  recordDir = NULL,
  ...
)
```

## Arguments

- siteDir:

  Directory containing website. Defaults to current directory.

- siteName:

  Name for the site (names must be unique within an account). Defaults
  to the base name of the specified `siteDir` or to the name provided by
  a custom site generation function.

- siteTitle:

  Title for the site. For quarto sites only, if not supplied uses the
  title recorded in `_quarto.yml`.

- account, server:

  Uniquely identify a remote server with either your user `account`, the
  `server` name, or both. If neither are supplied, and there are
  multiple options, you'll be prompted to pick one.

  Use
  [`accounts()`](https://rstudio.github.io/rsconnect/reference/accounts.md)
  to see the full list of available options.

- render:

  Rendering behavior for site:

  - `"none"` uploads a static version of the current contents of the
    site directory.

  - `"local"` renders the site locally then uploads it.

  - `"server"` uploads the source of the site to render on the server.

  Note that for `"none"` and `"local"` source files (e.g. `.R`, `.Rmd`
  and `.md`) will not be uploaded to the server.

- launch.browser:

  If true, the system's default web browser will be launched
  automatically after the app is started. Defaults to `TRUE` in
  interactive sessions only. If a function is passed, it will be called
  after the app is started, with the app URL as a paramter.

- logLevel:

  One of `"quiet"`, `"normal"` or `"verbose"`; indicates how much
  logging to the console is to be performed. At `"quiet"` reports no
  information; at `"verbose"`, a full diagnostic log is captured.

- lint:

  Lint the project before initiating deployment, to identify potentially
  problematic code?

- metadata:

  Additional metadata fields to save with the deployment record. These
  fields will be returned on subsequent calls to
  [`deployments()`](https://rstudio.github.io/rsconnect/reference/deployments.md).

  Multi-value fields are recorded as comma-separated values and returned
  in that form. Custom value serialization is the responsibility of the
  caller.

- python:

  Full path to a python binary for use by `reticulate`. Required if
  `reticulate` is a dependency of the app being deployed. If python =
  NULL, and RETICULATE_PYTHON or RETICULATE_PYTHON_FALLBACK is set in
  the environment, its value will be used. The specified python binary
  will be invoked to determine its version and to list the python
  packages installed in the environment.

- recordDir:

  The default, `NULL`, uses `siteDir`.

- ...:

  Additional arguments to
  [`deployApp()`](https://rstudio.github.io/rsconnect/reference/deployApp.md).
  Do not supply `appDir` or `appFiles`; these parameters are
  automatically generated by `deploySite()`.

## See also

Other Deployment functions:
[`applications()`](https://rstudio.github.io/rsconnect/reference/applications.md),
[`deployAPI()`](https://rstudio.github.io/rsconnect/reference/deployAPI.md),
[`deployApp()`](https://rstudio.github.io/rsconnect/reference/deployApp.md),
[`deployDoc()`](https://rstudio.github.io/rsconnect/reference/deployDoc.md),
[`deployTFModel()`](https://rstudio.github.io/rsconnect/reference/deployTFModel.md)
